you mate you Manohar befriended to the
bus I cruise to Mexico and the sister
tag that was deleted it's private I'm
good this party oh it's awesome yeah
this TV shows my favorite actually
oh is it the Flintstones yeah I love the
show what is it it's the originals okay
yeah I totally don't even remember you
oh my god okay yo okay
no can you just be a girl action no no
yo so okay yeah no but boys don't anyway
hello okay ready yo so you okay clearly
hey yo so uh y'all right
thank you hey so y'all right you sure
yeah yo so alright you can look at my
pit bull of the pink yo so you alright
you sure oh my gosh all this food looks
so good hmm I know Lisa where's Lisa oh
my gosh all this food looks so good I
know I'm so excited to you we just have
to wait for Lisa a couple minutes are
you hungry
I can't wait to eat but I can't
oh yeah I'm starving but I can't be the
first one eating or else everyone will
think that I'm super fat and obsessed
with the food which is true hey I'll
just wait yeah you're fat hey hey hey
welcome to beginners today we're gonna
learn how to make oh my gosh all this
food looks so good I know it looks
amazing I'm so excited to eat oh my gosh
well this I can't be the only one eating
or else everyone will think that our fat
person loves food which I can't let
people know that so I'll just wait yeah
you're pretty fat